Hi, Walker.
Now, in the future, we're going to have all the products we have added to our carts over this screen.
And over year, we're going to have the total price of all the products we have added.
So our cuts.
So in this year, we're going to create a function to calculate all the total product price.
We are going to be hired into our cuts.
Okay.
Now, to do this, I need to go back to our visit code to fully.
Now, over here, we are going to create a function to calculate the total price of all the products.
Okay.
Now we can specify it is a type of table and we are going to need to see get and we can call this.
Twitter.
Amounts.
Right.
Okay.
Now the first thing to do is to create a var variable.
And we can call this verbal torture.
Then we are going to set it to zero.
Since this is double according to hot dogs and not a zero again, then hot.
Your semicolon.
Okay.
Now, the next thing to do is we're to run a loop over each product.
We have that.
So I got to do that.
All you have to do is to call this variable card of this call cards items.
And now we are going to look over each product we have added to our cuts.
So we are going to need to set dots for each.
Okay.
Now we can use we can store or circle the gates of others very much like we all did in this variable.
Right.
Okay.
So, yeah, because it's such a plus equal to value dot.
Price.
You can see we have access to all these attributes over here.
Right.
Okay.
Value the price.
Times.
Value does quantity.
Okay.
I'll just say we call on.
I'll just semicolon as well to in this thing to do is to retell this to to.
Okay.
So we can then say retard.
To try.
Okay.
I just have a caller.
Okay, great.
This is simply it.
So over here is the function to calculate the total price of all your products we have added to our
cuts.
Right.
Okay.
Now we can use this to save.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next section.